README.md, before:

<h1 align="left">Hi, I'm Rohan Dhameja 👋</h1> 
I am an aspiring computer scientist passionate about AI, robotics, and computational mathematics, with a focus on impactful research and innovative technology.

## You can follow me here ##
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rohan-dhameja-b221b6327/)
[![Medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-12100E?style=for-the-badge&logo=medium&logoColor=white)](https://medium.com/@rohanD_HS)


## You can find my projects here: ##
## [Data Science Portoflio](https://github.com/RohanDhameja/Data-Science-Portofolio) ##

<h3 align="left"> Open Source & Projects:</h3>

| Topic  | Summary |
| ----------------- | ------------- |
| [Innovation Hub](https://rohandhameja.github.io/Innovation-Hub/) |My first react.js based website |
| [The Village](https://rohandhameja.github.io/TheVillage/) |React.js based website where special needs families find their tribe.They connect,Support, & thrive together. |
| [ETF-Screener](https://github.com/RohanDhameja/ETF-Screener) |ETF screener showing the top 100 highest-yielding ETFs |
| [Data Science Portoflio](https://github.com/RohanDhameja/Data-Science-Portofolio) |My data science skill-based portfolio |
| [Student Leaderboard](https://RohanDhameja.github.io/student-leaderboard/) | An interactive leaderboard web app to track student project hours with sorting and search functionality.
| [Serve Smart](https://github.com/RohanDhameja/ServeSmart)   | An app designed to help Table tennis players with strategic decision making.



<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://opencv.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/opencv/opencv-icon.svg" alt="opencv" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pandas.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/2ae2a900d2f041da66e950e4d48052658d850630/icons/pandas/pandas-original.svg" alt="pandas" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.postgresql.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="postgresql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pytorch.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pytorch/pytorch-icon.svg" alt="pytorch" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://scikit-learn.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/Scikit_learn_logo_small.svg" alt="scikit_learn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://seaborn.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://seaborn.pydata.org/_images/logo-mark-lightbg.svg" alt="seaborn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.tensorflow.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tensorflow/tensorflow-icon.svg" alt="tensorflow" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

Commit message:

Update project links and descriptions in README

README.md, after:

<h1 align="left">Hi, I'm Rohan Dhameja 👋</h1> 
I am an aspiring computer scientist passionate about AI, robotics, and computational mathematics, with a focus on impactful research and innovative technology.

## You can follow me here ##
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rohan-dhameja-b221b6327/)
[![Medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-12100E?style=for-the-badge&logo=medium&logoColor=white)](https://medium.com/@rohanD_HS)


## You can find my projects here: ##
## [Data Science Portoflio](https://github.com/RohanDhameja/Data-Science-Portofolio) ##

<h3 align="left"> Open Source & Projects:</h3>

| Topic  | Summary |
| ----------------- | ------------- |
| [Line Guard](https://github.com/RohanDhameja/LineGuard)/) |Vegetation detection near power lines using satellite, LiDAR, and computer vision to prevent wildfire risks |
| [Buddy Connect](https://github.com/RohanDhameja/BuddyConnect/) |React Native app connecting parents of special-needs children for support, messaging, and meetups|
| [RAG based Searchapp(https://github.com/RohanDhameja/RAG-based-Search-app/) | Local RAG-based AI chatbot that answers questions from PDFs, DOCX, and TXT files |
| [Cross-Age ASD Screening](https://github.com/RohanDhameja/Cross-Age-ASD-Screening) | ML project for ASD screening across ages using ensemble methods and a web interface |
| [ETF-Screener](https://github.com/RohanDhameja/ETF-Screener) |ETF screener showing the top 100 highest-yielding ETFs |
| [The Village](https://rohandhameja.github.io/TheVillage/) |React.js based website where special needs families find their tribe.They connect,Support, & thrive together. |
| [Student Leaderboard](https://RohanDhameja.github.io/student-leaderboard/) | An interactive leaderboard web app to track student project hours with sorting and search functionality.
| [Serve Smart](https://github.com/RohanDhameja/ServeSmart)   | An app designed to help Table tennis players with strategic decision making.



<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://opencv.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/opencv/opencv-icon.svg" alt="opencv" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pandas.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/2ae2a900d2f041da66e950e4d48052658d850630/icons/pandas/pandas-original.svg" alt="pandas" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.postgresql.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="postgresql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pytorch.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pytorch/pytorch-icon.svg" alt="pytorch" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://scikit-learn.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/05/Scikit_learn_logo_small.svg" alt="scikit_learn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://seaborn.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://seaborn.pydata.org/_images/logo-mark-lightbg.svg" alt="seaborn" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.tensorflow.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tensorflow/tensorflow-icon.svg" alt="tensorflow" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>
